So in this video we're going to talk about
test driven development TDD so we'll do
an overview of what TDD is
we'll talk about the memorable red green
refactor loop and we'll explain briefly
why you never refactor with a failing
tests - it's not refactoring if you've got failing tests so
the idea of test driven development is
firstly you can read more about it on
Wikipedia over here click this link if
you've got the PDF slides in front of you or
just type wiki test driven development
into Google but the basic idea is that
rather than just coding stuff and
trying it and seeing if it works we
build a series of tests so we start by
writing a test and that test actually is
designed to fail and then you check that
the test fails if it succeeds it's no
good actually you don't want your test
to succeed because it's not gonna drive
development if your test succeed so you
might wanna in bowling score in the
first test might want to check that if
you bowl of three that you get the
system says tidy the pins and that the frame score
list is empty because we don't know what
the score is yet for example that might
be your first test and it must fail because
there's no code yet; there's no
scoring code so it's got to fail so that's
good it's failed so then we write our
production code and we keep running the
test and seeing if it fails or not and
if it fails we keep fixing our code and
writing it and writing and eventually the
test will pass and the code might may not
be very pretty but the test will
eventually pass and then at that point
you clean up your code given that it's
now passed you now refactor your code and rinse and
repeat - you could call the refactoring the
rinsing so let's look at that a different way
that's quite a complex diagram let's
look at it in a simpler way; you write a
failing tests, as I said it must be failing
because it's a new feature try to make,
you're right
then you write code to make the pet the
test pass you code a solution taking you
to green; then you rinse or refactor the code going
back and forth between your code and
running your test and you keep re-running
and keep re-testing making sure that your
refactoring is not breaking what you've
already got and then when your code is
how you like the look of it and you can
really clearly follow it then you go
back and you write a new failing test
for a new condition in addition to your
previous tests and the great thing about
test driven development is these tests
stack up on top of each other so any
tests you've previously written stays in
the system and always gets tested in the
future when you run your tests which is
incredibly powerful. So I just want to go
back to the YouTube video I found and it
just give you a slightly more tangible
example of how the first couple of tests
may go so if you look at the first entry
into this scoresheet here, eight, then we
can already writer test it says that
score 8 and receive tidy for example
so looking back at our API if we were to
public action roll 8 pins to the
ScoreMaster what we would want the
ScoreMaster to say back is tidy just
tidy because we've knocked down 8 pins
and now we want to tidy what's left. If
we were to say public well if we were to
just call get frames on ScoreMaster
we would want it to return an empty list
so our first couple of tests could
simply be that we roll 8 and then
we assert that we received back an
empty list of frames because there is no
completed frame score yet and we
receive back a tidy command so that
would fail to start with because there is no scoring
code and then we will write the code to
make it happen. Let's move on give you
another example then I'll ask you to do
some reading around this subject then we'll
get into actually doing it. So this is a
spare so you might write the next test
that says
spare scores tech... no spare doesn't
score anything spare triggers reset so
this test would say okay this is the
second bowl of a frame and we should
be telling the PinSetter to reset the game
now so we should be getting a reset
back at this point and the other
test you could say is well they're also
the frameless should still be empty
because we still don't know the result
of this frame because we're waiting for
the next score to come in the first bowl
of frame to to come in so you could
write two tests just for that scenario
and that's how we're gonna proceed and we
just gonna write tests all the way
through this card example until the
whole card succeeds so I hope that makes
sense what I'd like you to do now is
just read a little bit more about test
driven development so your challenge is to
have a look on youtube for test driven
development I warn you may fall asleep
on some of the videos on there have a
read of the Wikipedia article; do a
general Google search as well doesn't
have to be YouTube or Wikipedia and if you
got any friends who are geeky enough to know about
test-driven development talk to them about
it
ask them what their experiences are so
enjoy doing a little bit of research
about TDD, this is the end of this video
and in the next video we're going to set
up the framework and get on with it